Update README.md (#197)
muke1908/chat-e2ee: README.md

### Installation

1. Fork this repository by clicking on the fork button on the top of this page. This will create a copy of this repository in your account.

> 2. Now clone the forked repository to your machine. Go to your GitHub account, open the forked repository, click on the code button and copy the HTTPS code.
> 3. Open terminal and run the following command : git clone "url you just copied" (The content of this repo would be copied to your local machine)
> 4. Now run the command : cd chat-e2ee (To get into the required directory)
> 5. Run `npm install` in root dir.
> 6. Run `npm run dev` to spin up your client/server. This will run your react app in dev mode and server in watch mode by nodemon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Now clone the forked repository to your machine. 
3. Run `npm install` in root dir i.e. inside cloned repo.
4. Run `npm run dev` to spin up your client/server. This will run your react app in dev mode and server in watch mode by nodemon.
```
